# Beaches-In-Goa
What is the first thing that comes to your mind when we say Goa? Beaches, right? And why shouldn’t it be, the beaches in Goa have been the center of attraction for years. There’s something unique, something very magnetic about the beaches in Goa which manages to attract millions of tourists every year. When you see the crystal white sands, the long range of palm trees along the shoreline, the serene landscapes and the rejuvenating atmosphere in goa beaches images, it definitely makes you want to go to Goa immediately!  The beauty of the Goan beaches is not just about the landscapes anymore. There are a number of things to do on these beaches which one simply cannot miss. The beaches in Goa are the hotshot destination for some of the most thrilling activities like parasailing, and if you’re looking for some more adventure, you can indulge in the water adventure sports here – right from boat rides, cruise rides to surfing and snorkeling.  If you think that the beaches in Goa are all about the ocean and the sand, then you haven’t experienced the various events which take place here. Events like music nights by the camp fire take place on the beaches here, which is truly a mesmerizing experience to have.  But not all tourists are the same, most of the tourists visit Goa for a relaxing vacation, to spend time away from the crowds. And there’s an answer for that too – South Goa! The beaches in South Goa are particularly famous for the tranquil beaches where you can just sit, relax and have a rejuvenating experience.  South Goa is a much wider area, and apart from these popular beaches, you can also explore other beaches in South Goa like Benaulim beach, Bogmalo beach, Majorda beach, etc.     These are some of the most pristine beaches of Goa. Amongst all these, the Arambol beach, Vagator beach, Morjim beach, Colva beach, Ashwem beach Ozran beach and Anjuna beach are the best Goa beaches for foreigners.  If you’re looking to plan a trip to these beautiful beaches, we can help you explore these options in detail, suitable for your needs. To know more, contact us at our company website https://www.goa.biz/
